Problem Name	00bubble	01watermelon	02watermelon	03summerBooks	04soccerSeason	05flu	06lemonade	07pizza	08dentists	09mathCompetition	10children	11project	12apples	13cleanRoom	14centimeter	15fishStick	16bonusQuestion	17pencils	18gum	19painting	20birthday	21mnm	22biscuit	23textbookPack
%(startStateNodeName)%	enterDiv	readyDiv	readyDiv	readyDiv	readyDiv		readyDiv						readyDiv	readyDiv	readyDiv	readyDiv	readyDiv	readyDiv						
%(statement)%	"You are trying to give out a loaf of bread equally to 5 people. Each piece of bread must be equally sized, so you gave each person exactly 1/5 of the loaf of bread. Use the number line to show how much of the bread each person has received from you."	Brittany bought a watermelon to share with three of her friends. Each of the watermelon pieces were equal-sized. Brittany ate 1/4 of the watermelon. Use the number line to show how much of the watermelon Brittany ate. 	"After Brittany divided the watermelon equally for 4 people, one of her greedy friends, Bill, ate 3 of the pieces, instead of 1. This means Bill ate 3/4 of the watermelon. Use the number line to show how much of the watermelon Bill ate."	"Sally has to read 5 books for her summer assignment. So far, she has read 3 of the books. That is 3/5 of the assignment, and she is convinced that she has read a little more than half of the entire summer assignment. Use the number line to show how much she has read and see if she has actually read a little more than  half of her summer assignment."	Alisha plays on the girls' soccer team at her middle school. During one of the games she sprained her ankle and missed the remaining games. She ended up playing only 3/4 of the season. Use the number line to show how much of the season Alisha played.	One week Danielle caught the flu and had to stay home from school for 3 days. There are 5 school days in one week. Use the number line to show the fraction of the school week Danielle missed.	"Tim is dividing a pitcher of lemonade for 7 people. Very carefully, using a measuring cup, Tim divided the lemonade equally for everyone, but because he took too long, only 2 of the people were still waiting while the rest of them left. That is only 2/7 of the lemonade to share! Use the number line to show how much lemonade Tim will share. "	"Bailey has a friend over for dinner. They ordered a pizza that was cut into 8 slices. Together, they ate 5 of them. Use the number line to show how much of the pizza they ate."	A number of dentists were asked to choose between two toothpastes: Brand X and Brand Y. Four out of five dentists said that they preferred Brand X over Brand Y. Use the number line to show what fraction of the dentists preferred Brand X.	"Mike entered a math competition. At the competition, Mike was given a very difficult math quiz. The quiz was so difficult, it is considered ""very good"" if students get more than half correct. One day, Mike found out that he got 9 out of 14 questions right. Use the number line to show Mike's score and see if he got more than half!"	"Mr. and Mrs. Holsinger took their 3 children to a park for the afternoon. When they got there, two of the children, wanted to go swimming in the pool, while the other one wanted to ride bicycles. Use the number line to show what fraction of the group of children wanted to swim."	"Ivan has a project due in a week. To stop himself from being lazy, he divided the work into 7 parts, and decided to complete one of the parts each day. 5 days later, what fraction of Ivan's project is complete? Use the number line to show now much of the project is complete."	"Lilth is selecting good apples from two bags of apples that are full. One apple bag can fit 12 apples. In the first bag, she selected 5, and in the second bag, she selected 10 apples. Then, she attempted to put her good apples into a new apple bag, but she could not, because each bag can only fit 12 apples! The amount of apples Lilth selected is 15/12 of a bag. Show this fraction on the number line and observe that it goes over ""1""."	"Chris wanted to ride his skateboard, but his mom told him he had to clean his room first. It took Chris one hour and fifteen minutes, or 5/4 hours to clean his room. Use the number line to mark how many hours Chris took to clean his room. "	"Mandy and Karyn have a grandmother in Canada. Whenever they visit, their grandmother measures how much taller they've grown since their last visit. This visit, Karyn was 13 millimeters taller than she was at her last visit. Karyn wants to know how tall she is in centimeter rather than millimeter. Since there are 10 millimeters in a centimeter, Karyn thinks to herself, she is 13/10 centimeter taller. Use the number line to show this fraction."	"Grace is in a very tricky situation today. She bought 10 fish sticks, but she must equally share it with six of her friends. Grace uses math to divide 10 with 7, and gets a fraction, 10/7. This means each person must eat 1 full fish stick, and 3/7 length of a fish stick. Use the number line to show the length of fish sticks each person should eat."	"Ryan took a test in history class. There were six questions on the test, plus a bonus question. Ryan got EVERY question correct including the bonus question! So his score was 7/6. Mark this fraction on the number line."	"Amy is making a unique sculpture out of pencils. For preparation, she purchased 2 dozen pencils, but she used only 17 of them. Amy used 17 of the pencils she bought but you can describe this number in ""dozens"" too; she used 17/12 dozen, or 1 and 5/12 dozen. Show this fraction on the number line. "	"Steve had two packs of gum. Each pack had six pieces. He gave one piece each to eleven of his friends. The number of pieces of gum he gave out is 11, but how would you describe the number of PACKS of gum he gave out using a fraction? Use the number line to show this fraction."	"Brittany is moving the location of her painting on the wall. She moved it one foot to the right, but it was not enough. So Brittany moved it yet another foot to the right, but decided that was too much. Finally Brittany relocated the painting so that it was a quarter of a foot to the right of the 1 foot mark. This means the painting has moved 1 foot plus 1/4 foot. Use the number line to show this fraction."	Chad had a birthday party and invited a lot of friends. There were so many people that they had two cakes to make sure there was enough. Each cake was divided into eight pieces. Chad and his friends ate fifteen pieces altogether. How would you describe the number of CAKES they ate together using a fraction? Show the fraction on the number line.	"Haley just received a bag of M&Ms from a friend, now she wishes to move them to some jars. The bag of M&Ms filled 1 jar completely, and filled 1/3 of the second. This means in the original bag there were 1 and 1/3 jars of M&Ms inside. Show this fraction on the number line. "	"Andrew is working on his biscuits and it is time for him to add salt. Andrew puts 1 full teaspoon of salt into the mix, and then one half-filled teaspoon of salt. What is the fraction that represents the amount of salt Andrew's biscuits need? Use this number line to show this fraction. "	"Leonard is packing 13 textbooks into some boxes. In the first box, Leonard can fit exactly 8 books perfectly with no gaps. Then, Leonard puts the remaining 5 books into a second box that is the same size as the first box. What is the fraction that represents the amount of boxes Leonard has filled? Use the number line to show this fraction. "
																								
%(fracStep_Vis)%	true	false	false	false	false	true	false	true	true	true	true	true	false	false	false	false	false	false	true	true	true	true	true	true
%(statement2)%	What is the fraction in the problem?					What is the fraction in the problem?		What is the fraction in the problem?	What is the fraction in the problem?	What is the fraction in the problem?	What is the fraction in the problem?	What is the fraction in the problem?							What is the fraction in the problem?	What is the fraction in the problem?	What is the fraction in the problem?	What is the fraction in the problem?	What is the fraction in the problem?	What is the fraction in the problem?
%(numlineHint_Vis)%	false	false	false	false	true	false	false	false	true	true	true	true	false	false	false	false	true	false	true	true	true	true	true	true
%(numlineHint)%					The number hint is off in this problem!				The number hint is off in this problem!	The number hint is off in this problem!	The number hint is off in this problem!	The number hint is off in this problem!					The number hint is off in this problem!		The number hint is off in this problem!	The number hint is off in this problem!	The number hint is off in this problem!	The number hint is off in this problem!	The number hint is off in this problem!	The number hint is off in this problem!
																								
%(rBound)%	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	2	2	2	2	2	2	2	2	2	2	2	2
%(labelPoints)%	true	true	true	true	false	true	true	true	false	false	false	false	true	true	true	true	false	true	false	false	false	false	false	false
%(mfBuggy)%	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	1	1
%(mfNum_box)%	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	3	-	5	-	1	-	1	1	5
%(mfNum)%	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	3/7	-	5/7	-	1/4	-	1/3	1/2	5/8
%(doubleDivBuggy)%	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	1	0	1	0	0	0
%(doubleDiv)%	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	12	-	16	-	-	-
%(badCount)%	0	0	2	2	2	2	1	4	3	8	1	4	14	4	12	9	6	16	10	4	14	3	2	12
%(num)%	1	1	3	3	3	3	2	5	4	9	2	5	15	5	13	10	7	17	11	5	15	4	3	13
%(frac)%	1/5	1/4	3/4	3/5	3/4	3/5	2/7	5/8	4/5	9/14	2/3	5/7	15/12	5/4	13/10	10/7	7/6	17/12	11/6	5/4	15/8	4/3	3/2	13/8
%(den)%	5	4	4	5	4	5	7	8	5	14	3	7	12	4	10	7	6	12	6	4	8	3	2	8
																								
%(numParts)%	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts	Number of parts
%(divorunit)%	divisions	divisions	divisions	divisions	divisions	divisions	divisions	divisions	divisions	divisions	divisions	divisions	divisions in each unit	divisions in each unit	divisions in each unit	divisions in each unit	divisions in each unit	divisions in each unit	divisions in each unit	divisions in each unit	divisions in each unit	divisions in each unit	divisions in each unit	divisions in each unit
%(div-h1)%	equal-size pieces was the bread divided?	equal-size pieces was the watermelon divided?	equal-size pieces was the watermelon divided?	parts was the summer assignment divided? 	divisions should you make the number line to represent the soccer season?	days should you divide the school-week?	cups was the pitcher of lemonade divided?	slices was the pizza divided?	equal-size groups should you divide the dentists? Think about how many dentists participated the survey.	questions should you divide the quiz? Think about how many question the quiz has.	parts should you divide the number line? Think about how many children were in the group	parts did Ivan divide his project?	parts should you divide EACH bag? Think about how many apples can fit into EACH bag.	parts was EACH hour divided? 	parts should you divide EACH centimeter? Think about how many millimeters are in one centimeter	pieces should you divide EACH fish stick?	questions was the test divided?	"parts should you divide ""a dozen""?"	portions do you want to divide EACH pack of gum? Think about how many pieces of gum were in EACH pack.	"parts should you divide EACH foot? Think about what a ""quarter"" means."	pieces did Chad divide EACH cake?	parts should you divide EACH jar? Think about how Haley divided her second jar by parts to estimate how much it was filled.	equal-sized portions should you divide EACH teaspoon?	parts should you divide EACH box? Think about how many books fit into EACH box.
%(div-h2)%	divisions that were made	divisions that were made	divisions that were made	books in the assignment	divisions in the season	days in one school-week	divisions made for the pitcher	divisions made on the pizza	all dentists in the survey	all questions	all children in the group	total parts of the project	apples that can fit into EACH bag.	parts in EACH hour	millimeters in EACH centimeter	small pieces in EACH fish stick	normal questions	pencils in a dozen	pieces of gum in EACH pack	quarters of a foot in EACH foot	pieces in EACH cake	parts in EACH jar	equal-sized portions of salt in EACH teaspoon	books that can fit into EACH box
%(line-h)%	pieces of bread to count 	pieces of watermelons to count 	pieces of watermelons to count	books to count	parts of the seasons Alisha played 	days Danielle missed	cups of lemonade Tim must share	slices of pizza eaten	dentists preferred Brand X	correct questions to count	children wanted to swim	parts of the project Ivan finished	apples Lilth selected	parts of hours to count	units of millimeters to count	small pieces of fish stick to count 	correct questions to count	pencils were used	pieces of gum were given out	quarters of a foot to count	pieces of cake to count	filled parts of jars to count 	portions of teaspoons of salt to count	books to count
%(num-h)%						Think of the numerator as part of the whole. What part of the week did Danielle miss?  Can you find this number in the problem statement?		Think of the numerator as the number of parts that they ate. How many parts of the pizza did they eat?	Think of numerator as part of the whole. Can you find such number in the problem statement?	Think of the numerator as part of the whole.  Can you find such number in the problem statement?	Think of the numerator as part of the whole.  Can you find such number in the problem statement?	Think of the numerator as part of the whole.  Can you find such number in the problem statement?							Think of the numerator as part of the whole.  Can you find such a number in the problem statement?	The problem statement is giving you a mixed fraction. What is its improper form? What would be its numerator?	Think of numerator like the number of parts of the whole. Can you find such number in the problem statement?	The problem statement is giving you a mixed fraction. What is its improper form? What would be its numerator?	The problem statement is giving you a mixed fraction. What is its improper form? What would be its numerator?	Think of numerator as part of the whole. Can you find such number in the problem statement?
%(goodjob)%	Nice job!	Good job!	That's correct! Good job!	Good job! The fraction lies to the right of the midpoint of the line.	Nice job!	Good job!	That's correct!	Good job!	Nice job!	Good job! Mike's score is more than half.	That's correct!	Good job!	"Nice job! The fraction lies 2 small marks to the right of ""1"", the big mark. "	Good job!	That's correct!	Good job! You marked the length of fish stick each person should eat!	"Nice job! Remember that ""1"" or ""6/6"" also represents a score of 100%"	Good job! You correctly marked the amount of dozens of pencils Amy used!	Good job!	That's correct!	Good job!	Nice job!	That's correct!	Good job!
%(skillName)%	FracLess1	FracLess1	FracLess1	FracLess1	FracLess1	FracLess1	FracLess1	FracLess1	FracLess1	FracLess1	FracLess1	FracLess1	FracGreater1	FracGreater1	FracGreater1	FracGreater1	FracGreater1	FracGreater1	FracGreater1	FracGreater1	FracGreater1	FracGreater1	FracGreater1	FracGreater1
%(skillLabel)%	Work with fraction less than 1	Work with fraction less than 1	Work with fraction less than 1	Work with fraction less than 1	Work with fraction less than 1	Work with fraction less than 1	Work with fraction less than 1	Work with fraction less than 1	Work with fraction less than 1	Work with fraction less than 1	Work with fraction less than 1	Work with fraction less than 1	Work with fraction greater than 1	Work with fraction greater than 1	Work with fraction greater than 1	Work with fraction greater than 1	Work with fraction greater than 1	Work with fraction greater than 1	Work with fraction greater than 1	Work with fraction greater than 1	Work with fraction greater than 1	Work with fraction greater than 1	Work with fraction greater than 1	Work with fraction greater than 1